MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Master Services Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of March 1, 2026
("Effective Date") by and between:

Brightline Consulting LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with offices at
55 Market St, San Francisco, CA ("Service Provider"), and

Redwood Health Systems, Inc., with offices at 200 Corporate Dr, Austin, TX
("Client").

1. TERM. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for
an initial term of twelve (12) months, automatically renewing for successive
twelve (12) month periods unless either party provides written notice of
non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then-current term.

2. SERVICES. Service Provider shall provide data analytics consulting services
as described in one or more Statements of Work. Service Provider shall dedicate
a minimum of two (2) full-time consultants to the engagement.

3. FEES. Client shall pay Service Provider a monthly retainer of $45,000, due
within fifteen (15) days of invoice receipt. Total estimated contract value for
the initial term is $540,000.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY. Each party agrees to hold the other's confidential
information in strict confidence and not disclose it to third parties, for a
period of five (5) years following termination of this Agreement.

5. TERMINATION. Either party may terminate this Agreement for material breach
if such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days of written notice. Client
may terminate for convenience with ninety (90) days' written notice, subject to
payment of fees for services rendered through the termination date.

6. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first written above.

/s/ Jane Whitfield                    /s/ Marcus Ide
Jane Whitfield, CEO                   Marcus Ide, VP Procurement
Brightline Consulting LLC             Redwood Health Systems, Inc.
Date: March 1, 2026                   Date: March 1, 2026
